Update EM graph docs for My Access APIs (#11258)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md

| [List accessPackageAssignmentRequests](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-list.md) | [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection | Retrieve a list of **accessPackageAssignmentRequest** objects. |
| [Create accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-post.md) | [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) | Create a new **accessPackageAssignmentRequest**. |
| [Get accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-get.md) | [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) | Read properties and relationships of an **accessPackageAssignmentRequest** object. |

> |[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection|Retrieve the list of **accessPackageAssignmentRequest** objects filtered on the currently-logged-in user.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection|Retrieve the list of *accessPackageAssignmentRequest* objects filtered on the signed-in user.|
```

Author: done

> |[Cancel](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-cancel.md)|[accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection|Cancel an **accessPackageAssignmentRequest** object that is in a cancellable state: `accepted`, `pendingApproval`, `pendingNotBefore`, `pendingApprovalEscalated`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Cancel](../api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-cancel.md)|[accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) collection|Cancel an *accessPackageAssignmentRequest* object that is in a cancellable state: `accepted`, `pendingApproval`, `pendingNotBefore`, `pendingApprovalEscalated`.|
```

Author: ok

| [List accessPackageAssignments](../api/accesspackageassignment-list.md) | [accessPackageAssignment](accesspackageassignment.md) collection | Retrieve a list of **accessPackageAssignment** objects. |

> |[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignment-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of **accessPackageAssignment** objects filtered on the currently-logged-in user.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignment-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of **accessPackageAssignment** objects filtered on the signed-in user.|
```

Author: done
